yo what's going on everybody out you
don't shoot boy dare pretty boy down as
always so what I have for you is some
LeBron tents which of course I don't
know if you guys notice I'm not the
biggest LeBron teen fan like I like the
eights and I like the knives i really
wasn't feeling the teens but i was in
Santa Barbara this weekend celebrating
my birthday thank you thank you thank
you um and I'm and it was like the
hitting room dick but I i just walked
until random storing i found the right
teams and i'm looking at my life what
kind of shoes it's these joints which
are from what they were telling me to
bronte in Platinum's now i have not kept
away any LeBron so I didn't even know
what these why didn't even know they
were coming out and apparently they
supposed to come out on the fourth but
some scoring Santa Barbara hatter I
should have really did I should've did
this review ASAP just so you can see
them and I mean they kind of crazy to me
they kind of I kind of like I'm they
kind of fresh they got the it's like a
fingerprint type of wrap around them but
they're like pinking and blue and got
the orange outline swoosh got the toy
cars bottom song made black man so I
kind of wish it was speckle but earbud
course it's kind of got like a little
prison me fill in here or X on the tip
got the diamond got the diamond right
there and it's a pretty pretty it's a
pretty friend she was one of the is one
of the one of the freshest enzyme seeing
I mean I thought the corset stuff is all
right but like I said I'm this shoe as a
whole I'm not the biggest fan of try to
get your size like you know I'm saying
definitely try to get your size cuz this
material right here just wrinkles I feel
like this she was pretty hot man I got
this from a footlocker and in Santa
Barbara some days early so yeah lebron
10 platinum if you guys are interested
temple easy no no performance